rules.rst, before:

=============
Server Rules
=============
For every players [#]_ joining our server network , you are required to follow the server rules stated below and NOT to break any of them for the sake of
server safety and game fairness, ultimately maintain a good gaming experience at our server.

This set of rule is humanly designed keep things smooth only , and have no intend to restrict your freedom.
However, if you have opinion / found the rule not resaonable for you to follow, please kindly contact ThisTNTSquid or post a thread at our discussion forum.

Have a nice time playing :)

.. [#] "Player" is meaning all users joining the server, reguardless of the rank and reputation of the user in server

--------

Universal Rules
----------------

1. Any unauthorized advertising activities are forbidden

    a. Even if you have permitted to promote, spamming the promotion will still cause you get muted and disqualified​

2. Do not use hacked clients. Any player found using hacked client will be given punishment according to the degree of violation

    a. Even there are no actual action on hacking, if the player state that hacks will be used , that player will also be banned in order to protect other player's benefit.​

3. No spamming / repeatedly asking the same content
4. Please respect other players and do not use foul language to curse other players
5. If you want to be one of our server development and helper team, please apply for them in the Application Area section in this forum, instead of yelling out and asking current administrators for the post

    a. After sending out the application request, we will receive it and please wait patiently at the meantime. Don't attempt to "catalyst" us by constantly asking the administrators "how is the result". This will cause negative effect​

6. If you have any comments on our server , please state them ethically and clearly to the server developers, and do not criticise brainlessly.
7. If the player has once caused damage to the server owners in real life or in other aspects, that player may be denied whilst attempting to enter the server.
8. Bad jokes are welcomed here, but never got it too far
9. Some little swearing spices up the game experience, but too much will cause administrators swear back at you , and might be temporary muted.

    a. However, if bad words are used for humiliating other users instead of expressing exclamation, you will be muted (this is the limit of using bad words)​

Administrator Rules
---------------------
1. Power abusing is strictly forbidden. Anyone found doing so will get fired and may be banned in a severe case.

    a. No item duplication or generation to players
    b. Do not destroy other's property without any acceptable reasons
    c. No "reason-less" punishment to players (even on request)
    d. Do not annoy players with commands or even crashing the server
    e. No grieving
    f. Do not constantly killing other players
    g. Do not forcefully apply nickname to other players
    h. Do not force other player to teleport to you without any notification and permit from that player
    i. Do not attempt to cause server economy unbalance, including

        i) Generating money and give them to player ;
        ii) Buying/selling items from/to players with an unacceptable price

2. Never give other players OP permission without permission from server owners and developers
3. Never attempt to use any of our server data for any other usage. Violators may face legal responsibility.

.. Faction Servers Specified Rules
 --------------------------------
 1. Please keep your items and builds safe. Any report of grieving on unclaimed land will be ignored.
 2. If you want to move your base, please remember to move your land also by unclaiming the old lands

General Survival Servers Rules
-------------------------------
1. No malicious claiming of lands (i.e. claiming land around other's land, and cause trouble to their movement)
2. Love the nature, love your neighbour, do your best to protect it.

    a. Since there are no specific punishment on destroying unclaimed builds, theoretically you could break things as you want, but if the owner of the unclaimed build or server administrators express serious unsatisfaction over your action, you will still be punished.  ​

3. If you are making automatic animal breeding machines [1] , please be reminded that each chunk have a limit for animals (Please reference to manual for the specific server). Any trouble caused by doing so will not be supported
4. DO NOT afk near working monsters spawners. If the spawner caused serious server lag, the spawner will be disabled without needing to contact spawner owner [1]

Network Attack Prevention Regulations
--------------------------------------
1. If we found a player initiating DDoS / DoS bandwidth attack, the player will be pernamently banned (and )
2. Our server may deny the connection from a specific location in order to prevent unwanted attacks.
3. Please either use English or Traditional Chinese and prevent the use of Simplified Chinese to avoid unwanted discrimination at our server.

Commit message:

Update member list, rules file

rules.rst, after:

=============
Server Rules
=============
For every players [#]_ joining our server network , you are required to follow the server rules stated below and NOT to break any of them for the sake of
server safety and game fairness, ultimately maintain a good gaming experience at our server.

This set of rule is humanly designed keep things smooth only , and have no intend to restrict your freedom.
However, if you have opinion / found the rule not resaonable for you to follow, please kindly contact ThisTNTSquid or post a thread at our discussion forum.

Have a nice time playing :)

.. [#] "Player" is meaning all users joining the server, reguardless of the rank and reputation of the user in server

--------

Universal Rules
----------------

1. Any unauthorized advertising activities are forbidden

    a. Even if you have permitted to promote, spamming the promotion will still cause you get muted and disqualified​

2. Do not use hacked clients. Any player found using hacked client will be given punishment according to the degree of violation

    a. Even there are no actual action on hacking, if the player state that hacks will be used , that player will also be banned in order to protect other player's benefit.​

3. No spamming / repeatedly asking the same content
4. Please respect other players and do not use foul language to curse other players
5. If you want to be one of our server development and helper team, please apply for them in the Application Area section in this forum, instead of yelling out and asking current administrators for the post

    a. After sending out the application request, we will receive it and please wait patiently at the meantime. Don't attempt to "catalyst" us by constantly asking the administrators "how is the result". This will cause negative effect​

6. If you have any comments on our server , please state them ethically and clearly to the server developers, and do not criticise brainlessly.
7. If the player has once caused damage to the server owners in real life or in other aspects, that player may be denied whilst attempting to enter the server.
8. Bad jokes are welcomed here, but never got it too far
9. Some little swearing spices up the game experience, but too much will cause administrators swear back at you , and might be temporary muted.

    a. However, if bad words are used for humiliating other users instead of expressing exclamation, you will be muted (this is the limit of using bad words)​

Administrator Rules
---------------------
1. Power abusing is strictly forbidden. Anyone found doing so will get fired and may be banned in a severe case.

    a. No item duplication or generation to players
    b. Do not destroy other's property without any acceptable reasons
    c. No "reason-less" punishment to players (even on request)
    d. Do not annoy players with commands or even crashing the server
    e. No grieving
    f. Do not constantly killing other players
    g. Do not forcefully apply nickname to other players
    h. Do not force other player to teleport to you without any notification and permit from that player
    i. Do not attempt to cause server economy unbalance, including

        i) Generating money and give them to player ;
        ii) Buying/selling items from/to players with an unacceptable price

2. Never give other players OP permission without permission from server owners and developers
3. Never attempt to use any of our server data for any other usage. Violators may face legal responsibility.

.. Faction Servers Specified Rules
 --------------------------------
 1. Please keep your items and builds safe. Any report of grieving on unclaimed land will be ignored.
 2. If you want to move your base, please remember to move your land also by unclaiming the old lands

General Survival Servers Rules
-------------------------------
1. No malicious claiming of lands (i.e. claiming land around other's land, and cause trouble to their movement)
2. Love the nature, love your neighbour, do your best to protect it.

    a. Since there are no specific punishment on destroying unclaimed builds, theoretically you could break things as you want, but if the owner of the unclaimed build or server administrators express serious unsatisfaction over your action, you will still be punished.  ​

3. If you are making automatic animal breeding machines [2]_ , please be reminded that each chunk have a limit for animals (Please reference to manual for the specific server). Any trouble caused by doing so will not be supported
4. DO NOT afk near working monsters spawners. If the spawner caused serious server lag, the spawner will be disabled without needing to contact spawner owner [2]_

Network Attack Prevention Regulations
--------------------------------------
1. If we found a player initiating DDoS / DoS bandwidth attack, the player will be pernamently banned (and )
2. Our server may deny the connection from a specific location in order to prevent unwanted attacks.
3. Please either use English or Traditional Chinese and prevent the use of Simplified Chinese to avoid unwanted discrimination at our server.

Content Creators' Notice
------------------------
1. Any materials and resources [#]_ created for the server is automatically copyrighted to the CoreCrafted Network with credit of author unless specification, in another word: You are not allowed to redistribute resources that is created for server usage even you are the creator / author due to copyright protection
2. Please make sure any material/resources created without violating any of the copyright and lisence agreement when including others content in the project.

.. [2] Animal Breeding Machines and Monster Spawner tower is technically not working in Survival Expert Mode - Reborn server (The server is now under development)
.. [#] Material and Resources are generally referring to any products , including schematics, Minecraft worlds (i.e. Server spawnpoint, waiting rooms), Pixel arts, Plugins, Website images.. etc.

-------

Last Update: 2017-06-03
